User cases:

Map:
V1. When the user drags the map, the camera should move accordingly
1.1 the camera can not move off the screen
V2. if the player touches the map without dragging, the focus is set to null

Spawn Point:
V1. spawn point is only shown to its owner. 
V2. when the user touches the spawn point, his focus should be changed to it
V3. when it gains the focus, a menu should show up. 
V4. when the spawn point loses the player's focus, the menu should disappear. 


Spawn Menu:
V1. when the user touches one of the buttons, it should enter the "target selection mode": when touching an empty building point or the enemy base, a minion of the chosen type is spawned with the chosen target, then the spawning point loses focus. 
V2. when the user touches the cancel button, the spawn point loses focus. 
3. Should be destroyed when the spawn point is destroyed

building point:
1. when the user touches a building point, the player's focus should be changed to it. 
2. when the building point gains focus, if it is controlled by the player, a menu should show up. 
3. when the building point loses focus, the menu is hidden. 
4. if the player's focus is on a building point, it should show its stats(the influence)

Building Point Menu:
1. when the player touches one of the buttons, a building of the the chosen type is spawned at the point, and the building point loses focus. 
2. when the player touches the cancel button, the buliding point loses focus. 

Minions:
1. when the player touches a minion, it gains focus. 
2. if the player's focus is on a minion, it should show its stats(HP)
V3. when a minion enters an uncontrolled building point, decrease the enemy influence on it by 1 or increase the influence of the owner of the minion by one if the building point has not enemy influence on it 
4. when a minion enters the enemy base, decrease the enemy base life by 1. 
5. when a minion's life goes to 0, it is destroyed, but will be respawned at it's spawning point after a certain amount of time. 

Base:
1. when the player touches it, it gains focus. 
2. if the player's focus is on it, it should show its stats(HP)


Building:
Turret:
1. if there is an enemy minion in the range, and if the turret currently has a charge, then fires an arrow at the minion closest to the base. 

Mud turret:
1. if there is an enemy minion in the range, and if the turret currently has a charge, then fires a mud ball at the minion closest to the base. 

Bomb turret:
1. if there is an enemy minion in the range, and if the turret currently has a charge, then throws a bomb at the minion closest to the base. 

Healing tower:
1. constantly heals the friendly minions in the range. 

Barrack:
1. When it is spawned, instantiates a spawn point at each path in its range (if there is no spawn point on it already). 


different buildings do different things. These will be defined in the future. 



interfaces:
abstract interface Focusable:
    -implemented by all the focasable objects
    methods:
        abstract void OnGainFocus()
        abstract void OnLoseFocus()

abstract interface Targetable:
    -an interface implemented by the base and the building points
    methods:
        abstract bool IsTargetable(var player): returns true if this object is an enemy base or an uncontrolled building point. Called when the user is deciding the target for a new minion. 
